# Intuition
The problem is to calculate the power of a number efficiently. My first thought was to use the divide-and-conquer approach to reduce the number of multiplications needed. By breaking down the problem into smaller subproblems and utilizing memoization, we can significantly speed up the calculation.

# Approach
The approach involves using recursion to divide the power calculation into smaller parts. I use memoization to store intermediate results and avoid redundant calculations. 

- 1. Base cases:
    - Case 1: If the exponent `n` is zero, return 1 (as any number to the power of 0 is 1).
    - Case 2: If the exponent `n` is one, return the base `x`.
    - Case 3. If the exponent `n` is negative one, return the reciprocal of the base `1/x`.
- 2. Use memoization to check if the result for the current exponent is already calculated.
- 3. If `n` is even, recursively calculate myPow(x, n/2) * myPow(x, n/2)
- 4. If `n` is odd, adjust the calculations based on whether `n` is positive or negative.

Example: 
When `n` = `4`, $x^4$ = $x^2$ * $x^2$ = ($x^1$ * $x^1$) * ($x^1$ * $x^1$).
When `n` = `-5`, $x^{-5}$ = $x^{-3}$ * $x^{-2}$ = ($x^{-2}$ * $x^{-1}$) * ($x^{-1}$ * $x^{-1}$) 

# Complexity
- Time complexity:  $$O(\log n)$$
  The time complexity is $$O(\log n)$$ due to the recursive division of the problem size by 2 at each step.

# Code
```cpp
#include<bits/stdc++.h>

using namespace std;

class Solution {
public:
    unordered_map<long long, double> dp; // use unordered_map for memoization

    double myPow(double x, long long n) {
        if (n == 0) return 1.0;
        if (n == 1) return x;
        if (n == -1) return 1.0 / x;

        // Avoid recalculation: memoization
        if (dp.find(n) != dp.end()) return dp[n]; 

        if (n % 2 == 0) {
            dp[n] = myPow(x, n / 2) * myPow(x, n / 2);
        }
        else {  
            if (n > 0) dp[n] =  myPow(x, n / 2 + 1) * myPow(x, n / 2);
            else  dp[n] = myPow(x, n / 2 - 1) * myPow(x, n / 2);
        }

        return dp[n];
    }
};
