# Intuition
To find the k-th permutation sequence of numbers from 1 to n, utilize the properties of permutations and factorials. By calculating factorials, we can determine the number of permutations starting with a particular number and directly jump to the k-th permutation without generating all permutations.

# Approach
## 1. Create a list of numbers from 1 to n.

## 2. Calculate the factorial of n to use it with the determination of the group size of permutations.

## 3. Iterate through the numbers, determining the appropriate group for each position by dividing k by the factorial of the remaining positions. Append the selected number to the result string and remove it from the list.

### Mathematical Reasoning

1. **Group Division Using Factorials**:
The total number of permutations of `n` numbers is `n!`. For example, when `n = 4`, the total number of permutations for the numbers 1, 2, 3, and 4 is `4! = 24`.

2. **Size of Each Group**:
   By dividing the permutations based on the first number, each group will contain `(n-1)!` permutations. For example, when `n = 4`, the size of each group is `3! = 6`. Therefore, there are 6 permutations starting with 1, 6 permutations starting with 2, 6 permutations starting with 3, and 6 permutations starting with 4.

3. **Selecting the Group Using k**:
   To find the k-th permutation, we determine which group it falls into by dividing `k` by the size of each group `(n-1)!`. For example, if `k = 9`, dividing `k` by 6 gives us `1`, indicating that the 9th permutation is in the group starting with the second smallest number (2).

4. **Appending the Selected Number and Updating the List**:
   The selected number (in this case, 2) is appended to the result string, and removed from the list of available numbers. Then, `k` is updated to `k % (n-1)!` to find the correct position within the current group for the next iteration. 

- Example
- `n` = 4 and `k` = 9
- Initialization:
    - Numbers: [1, 2, 3, 4]
    - Result: ""
    - Factorial: 4! = 24
    - Adjust k: k = k - 1 = 8 (0-based indexing) 
- Iteration (i = 0)
    - Calculate the factorial for remaining positions: `factorial = 24 / 4 = 6`
    - Determine the group index: `groupIdx = k / factorial = 8 / 6 = 1`
    - Append the number at groupIdx to the result: `result = "2"`
    - Remove the selected number: `numbers = [1, 3, 4]`
    - Update k: `k = k % factorial = 8 % 6 = 2`
- Iteration (i = 1):
    - Calculate the factorial for remaining positions: `factorial = 6 / 3 = 2`
    - Determine the group index: `groupIdx = k / factorial = 2 / 2 = 1`
    - Append the number at groupIdx to the result: `result = "23"`
    - Remove the selected number: `numbers = [1, 4]`
    - Update k: `k = k % factorial = 2 % 2 = 0`
    
- Iteration (i = 2):
     - Calculate the factorial for remaining positions: `factorial = 2 / 2 = 1`
    - Determine the group index: `groupIdx = k / factorial = 0 / 1 = 0`
    - Append the number at groupIdx to the result: `result = "231"`
    - Remove the selected number: `numbers = [4]`
    - Update k: `k = k % factorial = 0 % 1 = 0`
    
## 4. Update k to the remainder of the division to find the next group in the subsequent iteration.


# Complexity
- Time complexity: O($n^2$)


# Code
```
#include<bits/stdc++.h>

using namespace std;

/*
 * Important
 * The first (n-1)! permutations will start with the smallest number,
 * The next (n-1)! permutations will start with the second smallest number, and so on.
 */

class Solution {
public:
    string getPermutation(int n, int k) {
        vector<int> numbers;
        string rst = "";

        int factorial = 1; // factorial value will be used to specify group

        for (int i = 0; i < n ; ++i) {
            numbers.push_back(i + 1); // make (1, 2, ... , n- 1, n)
            factorial *= (i + 1);  // make n!
        }

        k--; 

        // find the group 
        for (int i = 0; i < n ; ++i) {
            factorial /= (n - i);
            int groupIdx = k / factorial;
            rst += to_string(numbers[groupIdx]);
            numbers.erase(numbers.begin() + groupIdx); // update the new 
            k %= factorial;
        }
        return rst;
    }
};
```

---
# Python Easy Approach using library function

```python
from ast import List
from itertools import combinations, permutations
import itertools

def tuple_to_string(t):
    string = ""
    for elem in t:
        string += str(elem)
    return string

class Solution(object):
    def getPermutation(self, n, k):
        """
        :type n: int
        :type k: int
        :rtype: str
        """
        nums = [i + 1 for i in range(n)]
        permus = list(permutations(nums, r=None))
        return  tuple_to_string(permus[k - 1])

```